computer:///
file:///home/giagio/Documents
file:///home/giagio/Downloads
file:///home/giagio/Music
file:///home/giagio/ownCloud
file:///home/giagio/Pictures
file:///home/giagio/ownCloud/Scripts
file:///home/giagio/Videos
file:///home/giagio/DATA
file:///home/giagio/.config/conky Config - conky
file:///home/giagio/.fonts Home - .fonts
file:///home/giagio/.icons Home - .icons
file:///home/giagio/.config Home - .config
file:///home/giagio/.conky Home - .conky
file:///home/giagio/.local Home - .local
file:///home/giagio/.scripts Home - .scripts
file:///home/giagio/.themes Home - .themes
file:///usr/share/applications applications
file:///usr/share/icons icons
file:///opt opt
file:///tmp tmp
file:///usr/share/themes themes
smb://server.local/ Raspberry Samba Shares
smb://server.local/shared/rasphub Raspberry - RASPHUB
smb://server.local/phpeasybudget2/ Raspberry - phpEasyBudget2
smb://server.local/anonymous/ Raspberry - anonymous
smb://server.local/shared/documents Raspberry - Documents
smb://server.local/shared/downloads Raspberry - Downloads
smb://server.local/shared/goodies Raspberry - Goodies
smb://server.local/shared/goodies/linux-stuff Raspberry - Linux Stuff
smb://server.local/shared/music Raspberry - Music
smb://server.local/shared/pictures Raspberry - Pictures
smb://server.local/shared/ Raspberry - Shared
smb://server.local/shared/videos Raspberry - Videos
smb://server.local/shared/webdev Raspberry - Web Dev
